README.md, before:

# Express Base API

## Overview
* Base projects capabilities:
  + Notifications (email, push notifications, webpush, slack, sms, and some more)
  + Authentication usind JWT (Remember to define SECRET_KEY when building docker image)
  + Tests


## Setup
* To see database settup refer to main base project (docker definitions FIXME: #REF);
* Set LOG_LEVEL to one of [debug, info, error]. Default=info.
* In order to catch all notifications localy using notification-catcher daemon (npm install notificatin-catcher) set env var NOTIFME_CATCHER_OPTIONS=smtp://127.0.0.1:3025?ignoreTLS=true before building the docker image (in the same line).
Example: SECRET_KEY=mysecret NOTIFME_CATCHER_OPTIONS=smtp://172.17.0.1:1025?ignoreTLS=true docker-compose up -d --build
**Notification catcher usage:**
  + Run notification-catcher outside docker images, and redirect notifications to your host using NOTIFME_CATCHER_OPTIONS env var. 
  Visit https://www.npmjs.com/package/notifme-sdk#4-send-a-notification for more details regarding push notificatons.
  + The ip of the host is the assigned to the virtual interface docker0
  + To get the ip run > ```ip addr | grep 'global docker0' | sed -e 's/:/ /' | awk '{print $2}'```
## Tests
Test are defined under tests foldier. 
* Suggested foldier structure:
  + tests:
    - api (integration tests)
    - dao (dao unit tests)
    - stubs (simulate the behaviors of software components)
    - utils (tests for utils folider within source code)

## Sequelize
In order to avoid duplicated database exception handline code, queryWrapper module should be use to wrapp most common exception erros.

### Relation One-To-Many with CamelCase

To customize the foreign key in a one-to-many relation, it is essential to write the following code in both sides of the relation:

```javascript
{foreignKey: 'customizeKey'}
```

To see more, check [this](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/issues/2827#issuecomment-69709220) link.

Commit message:

Api versioning explanation. Add steps to add new content type.

README.md, after:

# Express Base API

## Overview
* Base projects capabilities:
  + Notifications (email, push notifications, webpush, slack, sms, and some more)
  + Authentication usind JWT (Remember to define SECRET_KEY when building docker image)
  + Tests
  + New models definition checklist:
    1. Define new content type as model within models foldier. Checkout sequelize framework to see all available data types.
    2. Define new model dao services. NOTE: in order to use generic exception handling from sequelize each method must be wrapped with the queryWrapper method from dao/queryWrapper.js.
      * Example:  ```module.exports = { addUser: queryWrapper (_addUser) }```
    3. Define new model api within api/vX/modelName/modelName.js (yes, a fodier first in case some utils are needed at model level).
    4. [FIXME: comming soon!] Remember to update swagger with new api documentation.

## Setup
* Set LOG_LEVEL to one of [debug, info, error]. Default=info.
* In order to catch all notifications localy using notification-catcher daemon (npm install notificatin-catcher) set env var NOTIFME_CATCHER_OPTIONS=smtp://127.0.0.1:3025?ignoreTLS=true before building the docker image (in the same line).
Example: SECRET_KEY=mysecret NOTIFME_CATCHER_OPTIONS=smtp://172.17.0.1:1025?ignoreTLS=true docker-compose up -d --build
**Notification catcher usage:**
  + Run notification-catcher outside docker images, and redirect notifications to your host using NOTIFME_CATCHER_OPTIONS env var. 
  Visit https://www.npmjs.com/package/notifme-sdk#4-send-a-notification for more details regarding push notificatons.
  + The ip of the host is the assigned to the virtual interface docker0
  + To get the ip run > ```ip addr | grep 'global docker0' | sed -e 's/:/ /' | awk '{print $2}'```

## Tests
Test are defined under tests foldier. 
* Suggested foldier structure:
  + tests:
    - api (integration tests)
    - dao (dao unit tests)
    - stubs (simulate the behaviors of software components)
    - utils (tests for utils folider within source code)

## Api versioning
* To maintain backward compatibility, a versioned rest API is defined using ```vX/``` as the first value of each URL path. To support many api versions, the code inside source ```/api/vX``` must be defined for each compatible version. Remember to update the routing statement within the main index.js file.

## Sequelize
* To see database settup refer to main base project (docker definitions FIXME: #REF);
* Development tips:
  + In order to avoid duplicated database exception handline code, queryWrapper module should be use to wrapp most common exception erros.

### Relation One-To-Many with CamelCase

To customize the foreign key in a one-to-many relation, it is essential to write the following code in both sides of the relation:

```javascript
{foreignKey: 'customizeKey'}
```

To see more, check [this](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/issues/2827#issuecomment-69709220) link.
